
Java, Microservices, Springboot

//java interview questions

1.What are the different features of java?
2.Is Java is pure object-oriented programming?
3.different features of object-oriented programming?
4.What is polymorphism?
5.how many ways to achieve overloading?
6.What is the relationship between a constructor and a new keyword.
7. Why is string class immutable?
8. Difference between Exceptions and errors.
9.How many types of Exceptions.
10.what is the collection.
11.Parent interface in the collection.
12.Why Iterable Interface is not in Collection Hierarchy
13.Why map is not a pure collection?
14.How to put method work in hashmap?
15.Spring Stereotype Annotations
19.How method in rest service.
20.Diffrence between and string and string builder
21. What is Spring - AOP (Aspect Oriented Programming)
22. Autowire
23. What is inheritance
24. What is difference between abstraction and encapsulation
25. What is difference between is a relationship and has a relationship
26. How do u make class immutable
27. Difference between hash map and hash set

16. What is devtool in spring?
17. What are the advantages of spring boot?
18. what is a spring boot starter.
28. What is auto wiring
29. Hash code and equals method difference
30. What are the advantage of spring boot

1. What is the difference between Java and J2EE
2. What is the difference between Spring and Springboot?
3. What is the difference between Postgres SQL & Oracle SQL?
4. What is the difference between gradle & maven?
6. What do you understand by OOPs?
7. What is encapsulation used for?
8. What do we achieve by hiding data?
9. What is runtime/compile time polymorphism?
10. What is atomic integer?
11. What is transient?
12. What is static?
13. What is volatile?
14. What is synchronisation?
15. Difference between Array list & Link list?
16. Cyclic dependency in spring?
17. What is dependency injection?
18. What are the different ways to achieve DI in code in spring?
19. Have you heard about setter injectection & getter injection 

What do you mean by Agile Execution and how it is different from waterfall execution?
What type of Microservices you have designed?
How Microservices based architecture is different from the REST based architecture?
Runtime polymorphism 
What is encapsulation 
What is method overriding?
What is the basic different between interface & abstract class?
Interface1 & 2 - both have method test (). You have one class which implement both the interfaces. How can I use test () method in same class?
What is CTE (Common Table Expression)?
How to copy entire table to new table?
Dirty read. There is no primary key 
diff between full outerjoin and just join
Q:SOAP and REST
 SOAP is a Protocol or architecture pattern? A: Protocol
 Which message format does SOAP uses? A: XML
 
 REST is a protocol or architectural pattern? A: Architectural Patern
 Which message format does REST uses? A: JSON
Q: (OOPS Question) In a Parent-Child Relationship, if create object of child class then whose constructor will be called first?Parent or Child?
A: Parent Class constructor will be called first.


Difference between abstract classes and interfaces
Difference between list, hash set and hash map
What happens when we declare a list as final
The flow of a spring boot application
Lambda expressions, singletons, functional interfaces
Benefits of using angular
When to use Mysql and when to use mongo DB
Diffrence sql and nosql
Difference between client-side and server-side rendering
How to prevent hoisting in javascript
Features of node js
Features of spring-boot
Features of spring
Difference between spring and spring boot

1) Difference in JDK, JVM, JRE
2) Why String is immutable
3) How to store object as key in Hashtable
4) Difference in Inner join and outer join
6) Required Springboot configuration 
7) Basics of Cloud Service
8) DB used for projects
